Hello dear fellow students in a previous We do have configured dependencies for angular application.
This we deal with setting up our next bar and food.
Let's start by opening whooshes studio code and opening up style.
SPSS
here will create a class that has a blue background color links and buttons that have a pointer cursor
links that turn yellow when they are work and sections that have a minimum height of 600 pixels.
Now let's open up component s SPSS
here.
If the StarLink or such button along with setting the width of our logo to 50 pixels.
Now let's open up component
here.
If the two were both the class which are such term and is collapsed is collapsed wearable is used to
determine if the mobo manual is ex-Penn it collapsed when at least in Mobile you also add a token getter.
We should return our lock in token.
This will be used later when we implement the authentication feature.
The collapse function here is used to control with our mobile and menu it's collapsed crows drop down
here is used to close our nav bar drop down lock out will be used later for the function and search.
All here will be used later for the search function.
Now let's open up a component here.
The Neph BVD place on top of the router outlet and a footer to be placed below the route to Outlook.
This is so that the nav bar and footer remain in the same place when the contents in the router has
changed
here.
Create a nav bar.
If the class nav bar nav bar expand the taskbar and B.G. main This means that a nav bar would change
the mobile wheel when the screen size is small to medium text inside it will be gray and the background
in Deathbird be a blue color inside it.
I've created the fluid container it would take up the full width of the screen inside it created an
image link to redirect to the homepage when it is clicked.
You also have a button below it.
We should talk go to Mobot menu when it is clicked.